[Music]
strong and muscular arms are every man's
desire aren't they
even without the rest of your body
ripped you look immediately handsome
with those sculpted biceps and triceps
not to mention that arm strength helps a
lot in everyday activities too but what
if I told you that you could get your
arms beefed up at home with just some
push-ups now before we proceed to the
training itself it's important to
understand how push-ups work in general
they're perceived as chest exercise
targeting petrels and shoulders the most
however push-ups are much more versatile
than that it only depends on how you do
them performed correctly they are
beneficial almost for your entire body
abs back muscles neck and of course arms
all you have to do is keep the right
form to avoid injury and improve your
results today's push up workout will
focus on making your biceps triceps and
shoulder muscles bulkier and more
sculpted and you'll achieve that in just
10 minutes a day so let's get started
number one standard push-ups we'll begin
with a classic just to get you pumped up
for the workout and use to keep the form
correct to perform standard push-ups get
into the plank position put your palms
firmly on the floor so that your hands
are directly under your shoulders keep
your arms straight propping your entire
upper body on them at the same time
straighten your legs behind you and prop
them up on your toes your body should
form a straight line from the neck down
with your neck neutral and your core
hence now start lowering your body by
bending your arms at the elbows the
movement should be slow and controlled
as soon as your chest touches the floor
push yourself back up in the same manner
don't let your lower back sag to the
floor it could result in back pay
do three sets of five reps for the first
time trust me that'll be enough if
you're new to this exercise just make
sure that the rest between sets is no
more than ten seconds also if you find
it too hard to do push-ups from the
plank position
try propping your lower body on your
knees it'll reduce the weight you have
to lift off the ground to Diamond
push-ups now let's get to those beefy
arms already this push-up variation has
a pretty name and pretty good results if
you want to target your biceps prop
yourself in the standard plank position
and bring your hands closer together
spread your fingers apart so that your
thumbs and index fingers make the shape
of a diamond hence the name now start
lowering your body to the floor once
again keep your back straight and only
work with your arms you should feel the
tension in both your biceps and triceps
along with your shoulders and chest as
you go down make sure your elbows are
parallel to your body not pointed
outwards this way your biceps will work
harder try to touch your chest to your
fingers and then go back up the same way
do three sets of three reps for this
exercise again resting no more than 10
seconds in between it's an advanced
technique and for an unprepared person
it might just be too tough to do more
number three push-ups with reversed
hands now this one is a real challenge
but it will target your biceps like
nothing else it might be a good idea to
start with an EPROM plank from scratch
because it can be super hard for a
beginner so you've been warned
stand in the initial push-up position
and move your hands lower down your body
aligned with somewhere around your
mid-back now reverse your hands so that
your fingers look at your toes if you've
managed not to drop to the floor at this
you're already doing a great job lower
your body by bending your elbows and
tucking them to your sides
once you nearly touch the floor with
your chest push yourself up with this
exercise the number of reps is
irrelevant so just do three sets of as
many reps as you can until you fail
don't worry if it's just a few as you
train and do it regularly your strength
and stamina will increase letting you do
more and more reps with each try and
because of its intensity you'll see your
biceps and triceps grow like there's no
tomorrow for single leg push-ups this
kind of push-ups will not only target
your arms chest and back but also
improve your coordination and balance
don't sway get into the standard plank
position stretch your legs behind you
and put your hands directly below your
shoulders now slightly raise one foot
off the ground and then do a push-up
upon going up
try not to wobble and raise yourself in
a steady controlled movement when you're
back to the plank switch the foot and
repeat a push-up continue switching feet
like this with each rep this variation
makes the load on your arms even greater
thanks to the need to balance yourself
and if you want to increase the work of
your biceps and triceps move your hands
closer together kind of combining the
exercise with Diamond push-ups do three
sets of as many reps as you can and give
yourself a bit of a well-deserved rest
after you're done 5 gorilla push-ups
ever wanted to legitimately repeat that
signature King Kong move well you've got
it gorilla push-ups are full of bursting
feral power so imagine you're a
ferocious primate and get down to it as
usual get into the plank position with
your body straight as an arrow now this
is the only exercise where you don't
need to be slow quite the contrary in
fact quickly drop down to the floor and
then use your arms to explode up
and lift your upper body off the ground
well in the air slap your hands on your
chest and put them back down so fast as
not to fall feeling like monkey king yet
this explosive exercise helps increase
burst power of your arms and shoulders
again do three sets until failure at
first you may want to give yourself a
break and do no more than three to five
reps but as you grow in strength make
sure you do more reps - this won't let
your muscles get used to the workload
and continue growing and that's it these
five exercises take no more than a
minute of your time and give yourself
another minute between them to rest so
in total you'll get 10 minutes a day do
this workout three or four times a week
giving your body a rest every other day
so that your muscles have time to grow
also this is kind of obvious but still
don't forget that proper eating is one
of the key factors in building muscle
mass so if you want your biceps big and
bulky eat more protein rich foods like
eggs almonds don't be too hard on these
though cottage cheese and chicken breast
reducing your carbs intake also helps a
lot so ditch that chocolate bar and
replace it with some nuts instead and if
you want even faster results combine the
push ups with other exercises targeting
your arm muscles for biceps the most
effective ones are bicep curls with
dumbbells and barbells they directly
work these muscles making them firm and
round it for more prominent triceps try
doing bench dips and dumbbell floor
press as for your shoulders there are
dumbbell lateral and front raises as
well as dumbbell incline row it's
important to mention that shoulders are
probably the hardest at Target
separately because different exercises
work different shoulder muscle sections
so to get nice and rounded shoulders
you'll need to target each of those
sections specifically and last but not
least don't forget there are two types
of muscle mass you can build lean and
bulky if you want to stay
make your exercise strength routine low
resistance with many repetitions and
combine it with aerobic training to burn
fat this approach will give you a slim
figure without bulking muscles of a
bodybuilder if big muscles are exactly
what you aim for though you should do
the exact opposite short sets of high
resistance exercises take heavier
weights for example and perform as many
reps as you can but make sure you
physically can't do more than 12 at a
time and don't forget to eat properly
and mind your calorie intake so do you
know of other short and effective
workouts for big and strong arms share
them down in the comments if you learned
something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend but hey don't go anywhere
just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]